Hey guys so inevitably throughout this course you're going to have a couple of questions.
We all come across stumbling blocks and that is what the question and answer session is all about.
And when you are posting a question try to remember to put against the specific lecture that you're
currently taking because it helps us understand whereabouts you're having difficulties.
And of course if you've got an answer even yourself if you've come up with it yourself or someone else
has helped you or ask please do mark the top answer as well.
So other people with a similar question can also find that answer.
And also it really helps us to skim past things that have been resolved.
Yes.
So when you're asking a question what really helps us is to make sure that you give enough detail that
we've got a chance of reproducing the issue.
So if it's a question about artistic style or something then you're just going to have to phrase it
the best you can but it is a technical question.
It's really helpful if you give us a screen shot for example or if you just give us some steps by which
other people can jump in and go oh yeah that's how they've got the problem so that we can suggest solutions
to them.
Hey so now would be a great time to also go ahead and show you guys are Facebook group that you can
come and join as well.
If you are on Facebook.
Facebook dot com for Slash groups forward slash game art course join us over here.
And this is just yet another place where you can share your work with us.
Facebook can be a little bit more immediate.
Everybody seems to use it these days for not only work but also pleasure.
So you can join in the polls that we do.
You can share work as we can see you here.
You can ask questions.
That's another thing that you can do on here.
It's brilliant to see you guys wherever you want to share your work so please do come and join us now
over on the Facebook group.
And then of course we have our community site as well.
So the other thing is that if you've got something you want to share with us that's not a question you
just want to share your work then you do that as one of our discussions forum.
Now the way to find that forum is there is a link against this very lecture and you can bookmark that
link or keep a reference to it for later in the intersection.
Then you've got a subsection for every every part of the course.
So Section 1 that's where you share your work.
You can embellish it with rich text and with numbers and bullets and lots of images.
That's the important thing.
The images we want to see though and we want you to beat the blending groups.
Keep an eye on the number of posts per week on the blended group.
There's going to be hundreds.
See if we can beat them.
Yeah.